hello YouTube is my crown 127 88 bring
you updated Douglas told my fortune lady
deck this is which is a black rose one
of my newest cards I've been trying to
get it for a while and I finally got it
so how does goes to the guy who trade it
to me I don't know his name or even if
he has a YouTube channel anything but
anyway onto the deck 3 fortunately
lights then p the deck starts with all
your combos and whatnot yeah come on I
have to explain it you should know what
they do to fortunate lady water draw
power also be some sense and it gets
pretty strong if you know how to do it
right three cyber valley stalling in to
draw more cards so this duck does draw
draw draw cyber jacking because the
fortunately they aren't too strong about
themselves to our parents musicians to
search our lady and to defend my life
points also food for your cyber jar on
chaos sorcerer and stuff 34 dark mean be
to the deck and comes out pretty strong
2000 fortunately wind to destroy back in
your background to cayucos the go
destroy best one of the best antimatter
cars there is okay chaos sorcerer I'm
only using one this time around because
they limited him so yeah starting my
first day let me get him anyway
fortunately fire to destroy monsters
that are troublesome and the only proxy
that you're going to be seeing today and
this deck is darkened rain trying to get
in trying to get one of these but it's
kind of hard because nobody wants to
trade it to me to all being douchebags
anyway hunter two spell cards
314 future the deed row of fortune
ladies plays background will foreplay
fortunately draw to collins three future
visions as i said before i haven't seen
a bill that works without this except
maybe stun ladies in my time but I've
never seen anybody actually use that
build anyway hello of darkness because
at a new format they limited discard two
one so only use one otherwise that used
to an MST 141 because i still use six
level one monsters my name vortex tomb
as a good dimension you basic spell
caster support card heavy storm spell
and trap removal brain control which i
thought they would ban but they didn't
ban guess people when they're stupid
predictions of the lists and they're
getting along or whatever torrential
tribute bottomless to compulsory
evacuation device air force and call of
the haunted all right ladies and
gentlemen that's my unfortunately like
please rate comment and subscribe this
is megaman 1 2 7th ed not gonna